feat: Improve the introduction to the CS page DOCS-659 (#2047)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/using-coding-standards.md

-   [Deleting a coding standard](#deleting)
-   [Defining a default coding standard](#set-default)
-   [Using a coding standard alongside tool configuration files](#using-with-tool-configuration)

## Creating a coding standard {: id="creating"}

!!! info "Codacy currently supports up to 10 coding standards per organization"

To create a coding standard for your organization:

1.  Open your organization **Policies** page, tab **Coding standards**.

1.  Click the button **Create new standard** at the top right-hand corner of the page. This opens the coding standard creation form.

1.  Enter a unique name and click **Create standard**.

    Optionally, select a repository to use as a baseline for the new coding standard. This is useful if you already have a well-configured repository that you wish to use as a template.

    ![Creating a new coding standard](images/coding-standard-create.png)

1.  Select the programming languages that the new coding standard should cover and click **Next: Tools and patterns**.

    !!! important
        The coding standard will only control tools that can analyze one or more of the languages selected in this step.
         

>         If a language is not selected in this step, the associated tools are not necessarily disabled. Rather, Codacy uses default tool configurations, potentially enabling the tools and leading to unintended analysis of the omitted language. To override this behavior:

Author: I'm noticing just now that to cover the case of global Codacy defaults, I omitted the information about using unchanged repository settings. This will need one more edit to clarify both cases. Thanks for spotting this!

I'll have to double-check this for correctness, though.

```suggestion
        For the remaining languages not selected in this step, Codacy uses tool and code pattern configurations defined at the repository level if present, or global Codacy defaults otherwise, potentially keeping some of the tools enabled. To prevent unintended analysis the omitted languages:
```

!!! important
    Coding standards turn tools with configuration files on and off. Those tool configuration files, however, take precedence over the code patterns defined on the coding standard.
-   [Creating a coding standard](#creating)
-   [Editing a coding standard](#editing)
-   [Deleting a coding standard](#deleting)
-   [Defining a default coding standard](#set-default)
-   [Using a coding standard alongside tool configuration files](#using-with-tool-configuration)

## Creating a coding standard {: id="creating"}

!!! info "Codacy currently supports up to 10 coding standards per organization"

To create a coding standard for your organization:

1.  Open your organization **Policies** page, tab **Coding standards**.

1.  Click the button **Create new standard** at the top right-hand corner of the page. This opens a window with the coding standard creation form.

    !!! note
        Codacy currently supports up to 10 coding standards per organization.
1.  Click the button **Create new standard** at the top right-hand corner of the page. This opens the coding standard creation form.

1.  Enter a unique name and click **Create standard**.

>     Optionally, select a repository for Codacy to use as a baseline when bootstrapping the tool and pattern configurations for the new coding standard. This is useful if you already have a configured repository that you wish to use as a template.

Reviewer: I think this comment is still very helpful and should be kept: "This is useful if you already have a well-configured repository that you wish to use as a template"

>         1.  When creating a coding standard, select all the languages used in the relevant repositories, so that all associated tools are controlled by the coding standard.

Reviewer 2: why not suggest selecting all the languages?

I'm wondering if there is a use case for allowing users to select the languages? (other than showing a shorter list)

Author: I don't have a strong opinion either way. Selecting all is a bit "noisier" but definitely more thorough.

Using "all" for now, but it would make sense to consider showing the default tool status in the UI, and potentially update the filtering mechanism to always show all tools and filter by language with a dropdown, instead of a list of checkboxes on a previous step

    ![Deleting a coding standard](images/coding-standard-delete.png)

## Defining a default coding standard {: id="set-default"}

> For ease of management, you can define a default coding standard that automatically applies to new repositories. In the absence of a default coding standard, Codacy applies global defaults to all new repositories.

Reviewer 2: (caveat that might be worth meantioning: when Codacy introduces new tools those are automatically added to the global default but need to be manually added to the default coding standard)

    ![Deleting a coding standard](images/coding-standard-delete.png)

> ## Defining a default coding standard {: id="set-default"}

Author: My rationale was to group the create/edit/delete actions first and the secondary actions second (set default/use with config files). No strong opinion on this though, I'll move it back under "creating".

For ease of management, you can define a default coding standard that automatically applies to new repositories. In the absence of a default coding standard, Codacy applies global defaults to all new repositories.

!!! note

>     When Codacy introduces new tools, those are automatically added to the global Codacy defaults but need to be manually added to the default coding standard.

Author: Other than checking the release notes, there's no easy way afaik...

>     When Codacy introduces new tools, those are automatically added to the global Codacy defaults but need to be manually added to the default coding standard.

Reviewer 3: Maybe this is a point of improvement for the product? @mrfyda

To set a coding standard as default:

1.  Open your organization **Policies** page, tab **Coding standards**.

1.  Toggle **Make default** on the relevant coding standard card.

    !!! note
        Only one coding standard at a time can be the default coding standard.

    ![Setting a coding standard as the default](images/coding-standard-set-default.png)

## Using a coding standard alongside tool configuration files {: id="using-with-tool-configuration"}

> When using a [tool configuration file](../repositories-configure/configuring-code-patterns.md#using-your-own-tool-configuration-files) alongside a coding standard, the configuration file controls the code patterns, while the coding standard controls whether the tool is enabled or disabled.

Author: Yes, it's getting a bit long. I'll keep the original edit for this one.
